Add Duplicate Variant error (#853)
unicode-org/message-format-wg: spec/syntax.md

- At least one _variant_ MUST exist whose _keys_ are all equal to the "catch-all" key `*`.
- Each _selector_ MUST have an _annotation_,
  or contain a _variable_ that directly or indirectly references a _declaration_ with an _annotation_.

> - Every _variant_ MUST NOT use the same set of _keys_ in the same order as another _variant_.

Reviewer: I suggested "list" above and would suggest it here as well. Sets, as you know, can be unordered, while lists generally are ordered.

```suggestion
Each _variant_ MUST use a list of _keys_ that is unique from that
of all other _variants_ in the _message_.
```

Author: That makes sense; there's another "set" mention that ought to be enlisted as well. Fixed your indents:
```suggestion
- Each _variant_ MUST use a list of _keys_ that is unique from that
  of all other _variants_ in the _message_.
```

- At least one _variant_ MUST exist whose _keys_ are all equal to the "catch-all" key `*`.
- Each _selector_ MUST have an _annotation_,
  or contain a _variable_ that directly or indirectly references a _declaration_ with an _annotation_.
- Each _variant_ MUST use a list of _keys_ that is unique from that
  of all other _variants_ in the _message_.

>   _Literal_ _keys_ are compared by their contents, not their syntactical appearance.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  _Literal_ _keys_ are compared by their contents, not their syntactical appearance.
 Keys are considered the same if they are canonically equivalent.
 See [Canonical and Compatibility Equivalence](https://unicode.org/reports/tr15/#Canon_Compat_Equivalence)
```
Unicode conformance allows (and encourages) implementations to normalize canonically equivalent characters. This is a very common operation when text is input and/or processed. Without this step, there are cases where one implementation would return this error and another would not.
